>> New documentary.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Maria Sabina, a renowned
Mazatec curandera, or shaman,
introduced the world to the
healing properties of psilocybin
mushrooms.
>> This week on Gaia on "Beyond
Belief" with George Noory"--
>>LISA BARNETT:
Every single soul
has its own Akashic library and
its own set of a half a dozen
or a dozen Akashic
record-keepers.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure"--
>>RICHARD DOTY: The realization
that they were hybrids came out
during the screening process,
and that presented a problem
not only to DIA but to them.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightening Talks"--
>>SARAH TURNER:
What if I told you
that your brain isn't the
only organ in your body
that receives and
processes information?
>> On "Stairway to the Stars"--
>>TIMOTHY HOGAN: The Templars
actually spread out all
over the place because they were
looking for this last knowledge.
>> On "Journeys Into the Soul"--
>> If I've chosen this life,
I chose all the hard stuff.
I am interested in seeing
where we go with this.
>> On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith"--
>>ELIZABETH APRIL:
We've got to purge out
the old, dense vibrations before
we get into the lighter ones.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Only on Gaia.